[Music]
20 dogs that cost a fortune
dogs are amazing creatures and they come
in all shapes and sizes there are more
than 340 dog breeds in the world though
only 167 are recognized in the US and
every dog has a different character
there are missions in life vary greatly
and some of them cost a pretty penny as
in thousands of dollars before we sneak
a peek into this world of expensive dogs
click the subscription button and ring
the notification bell this way you'll be
the first to see our updates that appear
daily on the bright side of life 20
Newfoundland about $1500 these dogs
became famous after they appeared in the
movie Peter Pan despite their size these
dogs are gentle and kind you won't have
any problems training this dog the
average lifespan of a Newfoundland is
from 9 to 10 years if you've decided
that you definitely need the presence of
this huge bundle of happiness in your
life you'll need to find $1,500 and
don't forget that Newfoundland Sneed
regular grooming which costs
approximately $65 for just one visit to
a professional salon
19 samo yen about $1500 the Samoyed is
one of the oldest dog breeds these dogs
have genetic footprints that are close
to wolf's male sama let's grow from 24
inches while females are a bit smaller
at a maximum of 21 inches tall Samoyed
dogs have a nickname
smiley the reason is the trademark grin
of these white beauties the corners of
their mouths are turned upward and this
gives them a happy expression sama heads
are friendly kind and smart but they are
also challenging dogs they are very
vocal and their owners must work hard to
train them besides the thick white coat
of these dogs needs brushing two or even
three times a week the price of a
purebred pup can go as high as 1,500
on top of that be ready to pay about $60
for each visit to a professional groomer
18 st. Bernard about $1,500 the st.
Bernard is an impressively big dog with
a patient and kind temperament ideal for
families with kids if you have enough
space to accommodate them the life
expectancy of a st. Bernard is between
eight and ten years and the grooming of
this giant breed will cost approximately
$65 per visit you should also consider
that after you paid about $1,500 for a
st. Bernard puppy you'll have to spend a
fair amount on health care throughout
its life medical expenses can be as high
as eight thousand six hundred dollars
seventeen Bedlington Terrier about
fifteen hundred dollars a Bedlington
Terrier might be mistaken for a lamb or
a stuffed toy but actually it's a dog
that will grow to not more than 17
inches in height this dog was bred to
hunt which is why you shouldn't be
surprised to find a rat or a badger on
your doorstep
remember to praise your brave hunter
Bedlington Terriers need a lot of
exercise so get ready for a lawn daily
walks a terrier with a good pedigree
will cost you slightly more than $1500
and the grooming of this unusual dog
averages out at fifty dollars a visit
sixteen Irish Wolfhound about $1,900 a
perfect description of the Irish
Wolfhound is a gentle giant this dog is
totally family friendly and gets along
with almost anyone unfortunately Irish
Wolfhounds have a rather short life span
of six to ten years after you pay about
$2,000 for a puppy add to this grooming
costs of about $65 per salon visit as
well as medical expenses which can reach
seventy seven hundred dollars fifteen
Black Russian terrier about two thousand
dollars Black Russian terrier 'z make
perfect pets mixing well with kids and
adults but female black Russians simply
a
or children this dog will become your
best friend it will even follow you from
room to room or wait patiently by doors
for a happy reunion if you decide to buy
this wonder dog had an additional $6,000
to the original $2,000 price tag for
treating typical health problems
connected with eyes and orthopedics 14
Landseer about $2,000 a purebred
Landseer or Landseer Newfoundland will
cost you about $2,000 this dog is
classified as giant and was originally
bred as a working dog land seers have
marvelous characters and they have a
great connection with kids they are
playful and patient courageous and
generous intelligent and loving female
land seers usually give birth to four to
ten puppies but if you decide to buy
this dog you should be prepared to deal
with its size adult dogs can grow up to
32 inches and weigh 120 pounds 13 cane
corso 1,500 to $4,000 the cane corso is
a type of Mastiff it has a short dark
coat and can grow as tall as 27 inches
and weigh 120 pounds Caden Corsos are
bossy and strong inexperienced dog
owners aren't recommended to buy this
dog as they need firm though not harsh
guidance at the same time a properly
trained cane corso is affectionate and
docile just make sure your fence is
strong enough this dog is social and
loyal to members of its family price
tags can vary from 1,500 to $4,000 which
makes it one of the most expensive dogs
in the world 12 Portuguese water dog
about $2,500 these dogs as you may have
guessed hail from Portugal they were
bred as excellent swimmers and trained
to help Portuguese fishermen water dogs
pulled in Nets scared fish into these
nets and fetch things that fell
overboard it's interesting that parties
don't shed their
or wavy fur on top of that they are
believed to be hypoallergenic so if you
have allergy issues in your family
$2,500 may solve all your problems 11
English bulldog about $3,000 English
bulldogs are one of the friendliest dog
breeds you'll ever meet they are calm
brave and kind all of this makes people
fall head-over-heels for them a curious
fact about English bulldogs is that they
are often born via c-section puppies
heads are just too big for them to be
delivered naturally unfortunately these
cuties have many health concerns
that's why on top of the $3,000 that
you'll pay for a pup you might have to
spend an additional five thousand
dollars on their health in any case
these awesome creatures are worth the
money 10 Akita about $3500 who doesn't
know that loyal dog featured in the
movie Hachi a dog's tail
well Hachi was an Akita the exact breed
we're talking about Akitas are
incredibly affectionate toward their
masters cold weather switches on a turbo
button these dogs seem to possess if
it's snowy they are ready to stay
outside all day long playing games
swirling and snow drifts and rolling in
the snow it's interesting that each
Akita has its own unique tale set also
Akitas groom themselves like cats and
are crazy about cleanliness if you
decide to get yourself this loyal friend
be ready to pay about $3500 9 dog
argentino about thirty nine hundred
dollars the dog o argentino originates
from Argentina
surprise surprise this is a Guardian dog
as well as a big-game hunter these dogs
can grow as tall as 27 inches and weigh
up to 100 pounds they are intelligent
and strong but also rather stubborn
despite rather fearsome looks the dog o
argentino likes cuddles this is one of
the reasons why they fit so well into
families with kids the life expectancy
of this
greed is between 12 and 14 years for a
standard grooming you'll probably have
to pay about $35 as for the price of the
dog itself it can be as high as three
thousand nine hundred dollars eight
Chinese Crested hairless about five
thousand dollars the appearance of these
dogs is absolutely unique
they are mostly bare with hair only on
their tail head and feet nothing else
covers them or protects them from the
cold
that's why Chinese Crested dogs often
suffer from skin problems similar to
those people have to deal with they may
have rashes acne and even sunburns these
lovely creatures are also allergic to
wool in fact any itchy fabric can cause
rashes or irritation the price of a
Chinese Crested can be as high as five
thousand dollars on the other hand this
breed is exotic enough to be worth it
right seven Canadian Eskimo Dog 1500 to
six thousand dollars the Canadian Eskimo
Dog is one of America's rarest and
oldest purebred canines they were bred
for work hunting and pulling sleds
these are high-energy dogs friendly to
people but aggressive towards other dogs
Eskimo Dogs consider other pets you may
have as prey so think twice before you
bring an Eskimo puppy into a house with
a cat bird or reptile what's more these
plush creatures are tireless and rather
destructive diggers and sewers and a
trip to the groomer will cost you no
less than 85 dollars
if this doesn't scare you away be ready
to pay from 1,500 to 6,000 dollars who
are acute eskimo puppy to be yours six
German Shepherd 800 to $6,500
German shepherds were historically used
as herding dogs when properly trained
they are good tempered and gentle
creatures their life expectancy is about
12 years and one visit to a grooming
salon may cost about $40 the average
price for a German Shepherd is about
$800 but some individuals can cost as
much as $6,500 when buying this dog you
should take into consideration its
potential health problems typical issues
of this breed are hip dysplasia and
perianal fistula which can lead to
additional expenses as high as a
whopping twenty thousand five hundred
dollars that's why German Shepherds turn
out to be some of the most expensive
dogs in the world five pharaoh hound
three thousand to seven thousand dollars
despite their name these unusual dogs
famous for being fine jumpers have
nothing in common with pharaohs or Egypt
well there is a legend that says pharaoh
hounds are descendants of an ancient
egyptian hunting dog called to sam but
we don't know for sure what we do know
for sure is that the price of this
intelligent dog can vary from 3,000 to
7,000 dollars but look at this beauty
isn't it worth that much money for
Rottweiler 1,500 to 7,000 dollars
Rottweilers often serve in the military
or police force when they are properly
trained they make good pets as they are
fiercely loyal in times of danger they
will fearlessly protect their family and
are perfect watchdogs with their owners
their playful and affectionate as for
strangers they first have to decide if
they deserve their trust a purebred
Rottweiler puppy can cost from 1,500 to
$7,000
three lourve Chun 3,000 to 7,000 dollars
another name for alert Chun is a little
lion dog the learnt Chun was bred as a
companion dog and they are still perfect
for life in a family they are smart and
active obedient and agile and very happy
overall their lifespan is pretty long
and can reach 15 years if you decide to
get yourself this perfect companion be
ready to pay from 3,000 to 7,000 dollars
for a purebred puppy to chow chow 3,000
to $9,000 Chow Chows can't be mistaken
for any other dogs
thanks to their unique lion-like
appearance to other things that
distinguish a Chow Chow are a blue-black
tongue and completely straight back legs
this breed first appeared in China and
these dogs have most likely been around
for more than 2,000 years originally
they were used for work they hunted
guarded pulled sleds and even herded
cattle nowadays this ball of fur with a
proper pedigree will cost you from 3,000
to $9,000 surprisingly despite their
cute appearance Chow Chows are
considered dangerous they are too loyal
to their owner and can be rude
aggressive and distrustful of strangers
one Tibetan Mastiff 5,000 to 9,000
dollars the Tibetan Mastiff is
officially the most expensive dog breed
this literally giant dog comes from
Tibet Nepal and Central Asia Tibetan
Mastiffs are great watchdogs however if
you have small kids
this breed won't be the best choice the
Tibetan Mastiff tends to dominate
everything smaller than itself
that's why it will most likely boss kids
around and can even bite them if they
poke tug or prod them the price of such
a dog can reach an exorbitant nine
thousand dollars for a puppy but wait
the best is yet to come in the bonus
bonus the most expensive dog in the
world
according to the Guinness World Records
the record for the most expensive dog in
the world belongs to a Tibetan Mastiff
called big splash this guy was sold in
2011 when he was an 11 month old puppy
the deal took place in China and a
Chinese multimillionaire bought big
splash from US breeder Lu Liang at that
time the dog already weighed 180 pounds
and had a diet of beef and chicken and
the price of this lovely fellow was are
you sitting down a whopping 1 million
five hundred thirteen thousand four
hundred seventeen dollars which breed
did you like the most
would you spend so much money to get a
new friend tell us in the comments below
and if you exclaimed how much did you
say at least once while watching this
video press the like button right away
[Music]